content/modules/mobile-travel-sample/pages/_partials/installation/cloud.adoc, before:

= Cloud (RightScale)

*NOTE:* The RightScale cloud environment is only available for in-classroom run workshops.

Use this option to connect to a private instance of Couchbase Server components running on the RightScale cloud environment.

At the end of this section, the following components will be launched on the cloud:

* Couchbase Server
* Sync Gateway
* Travel Web Application

NOTE: This instance will be available for you to use for the duration of the workshop.
The instance will automatically be terminated after the workshop.
Every user will have their own sand boxed instance.

* Access https://selfservice-4.rightscale.com/catalog on your browser.
* Log in with `workshop@couchbase.com` and `cbworkshop123` as the password.
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_login.png[,500]
* From the catalog of available projects, select the **Mobile Workshop**, give it a name and then click **Launch**.
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_selectproject.png[,500]
* Once the instance is running, you should see the state change to "launching".
It will take several minutes to launch.
So be patient!
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_launching.png[,500]
* Once the instance is running, You should see the state change to "running".
There are two instances - one for "Develop" and one for "Deploy".
We are only interested in the "Develop" option.
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_running.png[,500]

Now that you have the instance up and running, you will have to edit the mobile app so it points to the newly deployed Python Web Server and Sync Gateway.

*Open the file* ``QueryConsts.swift``.
You must update the `webUrl` constant which points to the Python Web Server.
Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the Rightscale instance.
In the example above that would be `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.

https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/blob/master/ios/TravelSample/TravelSample/Utilities/QueryConsts.swift[QueryConsts.swift]

[source]
----
static var webUrl:String = "http://34.217.88.96:8080"
----

Next, you will update the Sync Gateway endpoint.

*Open the file* ``DatabaseManager.swift``.
You must update the `kRemoteSyncUrl` constant.
Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the RightScale instance.
In the example above that would be `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.

In *DatabaseManager.swift*, update the localhost to be the IP Address of the Sync Gateway.
In my example (from screenshot above), that would be 54.148.83.39.

[source]
----
let kRemoteSyncUrl = "ws://54.148.83.39::4984"
----

== Try it out (Couchbase Server)

* Access Couchbase Server from the URL listed in the Deploy instance. In my example (from screenshot above), that would be `http://54.148.83.39:8091`
* Log into the "Admin Console" with username as "Administrator" and password as "password"
* Select the "Buckets" option from the menu on the left
* Verify that you have around 31,000 documents in your travel-sample bucket


== Try it out (Sync Gateway)

* Access Sync Gateway from the URL listed in the Deploy instance. In my example (from screenshot above), that would be `http://52.38.236.38:4984`
* You should see the following response.
+
[source,bash]
----
{"couchdb":"Welcome","vendor":{"name":"Couchbase Sync Gateway","version":"2.5"},"version":"Couchbase Sync Gateway/2.5.0(271;bf3ddf6) EE"}
----

== Try it out (Travel App)

* Access Travel Web App from the URL listed in the Deploy instance. In my example (from screenshot above), that would be `http://54.148.83.39:8080`
* Verify that you see the login screen of the Travel Sample Web App as shown below image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/try_cb_login.png[]

Commit message:

Updated the install instructions to use the new travel sample web backend. Also cleaned up some of the instructions to ensure that the workshop repo is pulled first

content/modules/mobile-travel-sample/pages/_partials/installation/cloud.adoc, after:

= Cloud (RightScale)

*NOTE:* The RightScale cloud environment is only available for in-classroom run workshops.

Use this option to connect to a private instance of Couchbase Server components running on the RightScale cloud environment.

At the end of this section, the following components will be launched on the cloud:

* Couchbase Server
* Sync Gateway
* Travel Web Application

NOTE: This instance will be available for you to use for the duration of the in-classroom workshop.
The instance will automatically be terminated after the workshop.
Every user will have their own sand boxed instance.

=== Try it out

* Verify git installation
** Run the following command from your terminal.
+
[source,bash]
----
bash git --version
----
You should see the version of git installed.

== Workshop Repo
* Clone the "master" branch of the workshop source from GitHub. We are doing a shallow pull with `depth` as 1 to speed the cloning process. 
+
[source,bash]
----
git clone -b master --depth 1 https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample.git
----

== Launching Cloud Instance 

* Access https://selfservice-4.rightscale.com/catalog on your browser.
* Log in with `workshop@couchbase.com` and `cbworkshop123` as the password.
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_login.png[,500]
* From the catalog of available projects, select the **Mobile Workshop**, give it a name and then click **Launch**.
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_selectproject.png[,500]
* Once the instance is running, you should see the state change to "launching".
It will take several minutes to launch.
So be patient!
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_launching.png[,500]
* Once the instance is running, You should see the state change to "running".
There are two instances - one for "Develop" and one for "Deploy".
We are only interested in the "Develop" option.
+
image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/rightscale_running.png[,500]

Now that you have the instance up and running, you will have to edit the mobile app so it points to the newly deployed Python Web Server and Sync Gateway.

*Open the file* ``QueryConsts.swift``.
You must update the `webUrl` constant which points to the Python Web Server.
Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the Rightscale instance.
In the example above that would be `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.

https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/blob/master/ios/TravelSample/TravelSample/Utilities/QueryConsts.swift[QueryConsts.swift]

[source]
----
static var webUrl:String = "http://34.217.88.96:8080"
----

Next, you will update the Sync Gateway endpoint.

*Open the file* ``DatabaseManager.swift``.
You must update the `kRemoteSyncUrl` constant.
Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the RightScale instance.
In the example above that would be `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.

In *DatabaseManager.swift*, update the localhost to be the IP Address of the Sync Gateway.
In my example (from screenshot above), that would be 54.148.83.39.

[source]
----
let kRemoteSyncUrl = "ws://54.148.83.39::4984"
----

== Try it out (Couchbase Server)

* Access Couchbase Server from the URL listed in the Deploy instance. In my example (from screenshot above), that would be `http://54.148.83.39:8091`
* Log into the "Admin Console" with username as "Administrator" and password as "password"
* Select the "Buckets" option from the menu on the left
* Verify that you have around 31,000 documents in your travel-sample bucket


== Try it out (Sync Gateway)

* Access Sync Gateway from the URL listed in the Deploy instance. In my example (from screenshot above), that would be `http://52.38.236.38:4984`
* You should see the following response.
+
[source,bash]
----
{"couchdb":"Welcome","vendor":{"name":"Couchbase Sync Gateway","version":"2.5"},"version":"Couchbase Sync Gateway/2.5.0(271;bf3ddf6) EE"}
----

== Try it out (Travel App)

* Access Travel Web App from the URL listed in the Deploy instance. In my example (from screenshot above), that would be `http://54.148.83.39:8080`
* Verify that you see the login screen of the Travel Sample Web App as shown below image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/try_cb_login.png[]
