content/modules/mobile-travel-sample/pages/csharp/installation/travel-mobile-app.adoc, before:

= Travel Mobile App
:tabs:

== Pre-requisites

=== Visual Studio
* Downloadable from https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/[visualstudio.com]* 
- Visual Studio 2019 (16.9.4 or higher)
- Visual Studio 2019 for Mac (v8.9 or higher) - NOTE: Visual Studio for Mac does not support UWP projects

=== Windows Users
If you are developing on Windows, we recommend that you use a Windows 10 machine with version 1809 or higher.  Also, note that if you choose Manual or docker installation mode, you should also have *administrative privileges on the Windows box* so you can authorize the installation and running of the required executables.

=== Mac Users with M1 Processor
Visual Studio and Couchbase are supported on M1 processors via the Rosetta v2 translation layer.  

=== iOS 
For iOS development, we recommend the latest version of XCode 11 or higher.  

=== Android
For Android development, we recommend you have the latest Android SDK installed.  The latest version should be available from Visual Studio.

=== Hot Reloaded
To use Hot Reloaded we highly recommend you target iOS v14 or Android 10 or higher.  

== Travel Sample Mobile App

* Clone the "master" branch of the Travel Sample app from GitHub. We are doing a shallow pull with `depth` as 1 to speed the cloning process. 
+

[source,bash]
----

git clone -b master --depth 1 https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample.git
----
* Confirm that the _TravelSample.core_ project is linked with latest version of _Couchbase.Lite_ framework. You should see equivalent of screenshot below with the latest version of Couchbase.Lite Core framework under the "installed" section of the nuget package manager . -image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/nuget_lite_core.png[]
* Confirm that the _TravelSample.UWP_ project is linked with latest version of _Couchbase.Lite_ and _Couchbase.Lite.Support.UWP_ framework. You should see equivalent of screenshot below with the latest version of Couchbase.Lite core framework and Couchbase.Lite.Support.* support framework under the "installed" section of the nuget package manager. 
* If you were building for Xamarin, verify that the right version of _Couchbase.Lite_ core framework and _Couchbase.Lite.Support.Android_ / _Couchbase.Lite.Support.iOS_ support framework is linked with the appropriate TravelSample.Android or TravelSample.iOS project respectively. -image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/nuget_uwp.png[]


[[_try_it_out]]

* Open the `TravelSample.sln` using Visual Studio 

== Configure App to connect to Backend

You will have to update the URLs specified in the app to connect to the backend
If you haven't done so already, complete the steps outlined in the "Backend Installation" to install your Couchbase Server, Sync Gateway and Python web backend app.

=== Updating the web backend URL

*Open the file* `Constants.cs` under "Util" folder
You must update the `ServerBackendUrl` constant which points to the Python Web Server.

Now, the URLs that you specify will vary depending on the installation option that you chose for deploying your backend

[{tabs}]
====
Manual::
+
--
[source,csharp]
----
public static readonly Uri ServerBackendUrl = new Uri("http://localhost:8080/api/");
----
--

Docker::
+
--
[source,csharp]
----
public static readonly Uri ServerBackendUrl = new Uri("http://localhost:8080/api/");
----
--

Cloud::
+
--
[source,csharp]
----
// Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the RightScale instance.
// The example states `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.
public static readonly Uri ServerBackendUrl = new Uri("http://54.148.83.39:8080/api/");
----
--
====


=== Updating the Sync Gateway URL

Next, you will update the Sync Gateway endpoint.

*Open the file* `LoginModel.cs` under "Models" folder
You must update the `SyncUrl` constant.

Now, the URLs that you specify will vary depending on the installation option that you chose for deploying your backend

[{tabs}]
====
Manual::
+
--
[source,java]
----
    private static readonly Uri SyncUrl = new Uri("ws://localhost:4984");
----
--

Docker::
+
--
[source,java]
----
    public static String mSyncGatewayEndpoint = "ws://10.0.2.2:4984/travel-sample";
----
--

Cloud::
+
--
[source,java]
----
// Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the RightScale instance.
// The example states `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.
private static readonly Uri SyncUrl = new Uri("ws://54.148.83.39:4984:4984");
----
--
====

=== Try it out

* Build and run the project on your platform of choice (UWP, Xamarin iOS or Xamarin Android) 
* Verify that the login screen appears. The screenshot below is from a UWP App. image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/uwp_login.png[]

Commit message:

added android requirements
added the android requirements and fixed some wording.

content/modules/mobile-travel-sample/pages/csharp/installation/travel-mobile-app.adoc, after:

= Travel Mobile App
:tabs:

== Pre-requisites
Requirements are based on which platform you are using.  For Xamarin please follow the Visual Studio, Xamarin, and Platform documentation.

=== Visual Studio (required for Xamarin Forms csharp)
* Downloadable from https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/[visualstudio.com]* 
- Visual Studio 2019 (16.9.4 or higher)
- Visual Studio 2019 for Mac (v8.9 or higher) - NOTE: Visual Studio for Mac does not support UWP projects

=== Windows Users
If you are developing on Windows, we recommend that you use a Windows 10 machine with version 1809 or higher.  Also, note that if you choose Manual or docker installation mode, you should also have *administrative privileges on the Windows box* so you can authorize the installation and running of the required executables.

=== Mac Users with M1 Processor
Visual Studio and Couchbase are supported on M1 processors via the Rosetta v2 translation layer.  

=== iOS 
For iOS development, we recommend version of XCode 11.7 or higher.  For OS and XCode version compatibility, refer to Apple's documentation https://developer.apple.com/support/xcode/

=== Android 
For Andriod development, we recommend Google's IDE Android Studio and running version 4.x or higher.  For Android Studio and OS compatibility, refer to Google's documentation https://developer.android.com/studio#system-requirements-a-namerequirementsa/

=== Xamarin
For Android development, Xamarin always recommends you have the latest Android SDK installed.  The latest version should be available from Visual Studio - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/get-started/installation/android-sdk?tabs=windows.

==== Xamarin Hot Reloaded
To use Hot Reloaded we highly recommend you target iOS v14 or Android 10 or higher.  Full documentation can be found on Microsoft's Documentation site https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/xamarin-forms/xaml/hot-reload  

== Travel Sample Mobile App

* Clone the "master" branch of the Travel Sample app from GitHub. We are doing a shallow pull with `depth` as 1 to speed the cloning process. 
+

[source,bash]
----

git clone -b master --depth 1 https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample.git
----
* Confirm that the _TravelSample.core_ project is linked with latest version of _Couchbase.Lite_ framework. You should see equivalent of screenshot below with the latest version of Couchbase.Lite Core framework under the "installed" section of the nuget package manager . -image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/nuget_lite_core.png[]
* Confirm that the _TravelSample.UWP_ project is linked with latest version of _Couchbase.Lite_ and _Couchbase.Lite.Support.UWP_ framework. You should see equivalent of screenshot below with the latest version of Couchbase.Lite core framework and Couchbase.Lite.Support.* support framework under the "installed" section of the nuget package manager. 
* If you were building for Xamarin, verify that the right version of _Couchbase.Lite_ core framework and _Couchbase.Lite.Support.Android_ / _Couchbase.Lite.Support.iOS_ support framework is linked with the appropriate TravelSample.Android or TravelSample.iOS project respectively. -image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/nuget_uwp.png[]


[[_try_it_out]]

* Open the `TravelSample.sln` using Visual Studio 

== Configure App to connect to Backend

You will have to update the URLs specified in the app to connect to the backend
If you haven't done so already, complete the steps outlined in the "Backend Installation" to install your Couchbase Server, Sync Gateway and Python web backend app.

=== Updating the web backend URL

*Open the file* `Constants.cs` under "Util" folder
You must update the `ServerBackendUrl` constant which points to the Python Web Server.

Now, the URLs that you specify will vary depending on the installation option that you chose for deploying your backend

[{tabs}]
====
Manual::
+
--
[source,csharp]
----
public static readonly Uri ServerBackendUrl = new Uri("http://localhost:8080/api/");
----
--

Docker::
+
--
[source,csharp]
----
public static readonly Uri ServerBackendUrl = new Uri("http://localhost:8080/api/");
----
--

Cloud::
+
--
[source,csharp]
----
// Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the RightScale instance.
// The example states `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.
public static readonly Uri ServerBackendUrl = new Uri("http://54.148.83.39:8080/api/");
----
--
====


=== Updating the Sync Gateway URL

Next, you will update the Sync Gateway endpoint.

*Open the file* `LoginModel.cs` under "Models" folder
You must update the `SyncUrl` constant.

Now, the URLs that you specify will vary depending on the installation option that you chose for deploying your backend

[{tabs}]
====
Manual::
+
--
[source,java]
----
    private static readonly Uri SyncUrl = new Uri("ws://localhost:4984");
----
--

Docker::
+
--
[source,java]
----
    public static String mSyncGatewayEndpoint = "ws://10.0.2.2:4984/travel-sample";
----
--

Cloud::
+
--
[source,java]
----
// Replace the hostname with the IP Address of the RightScale instance.
// The example states `54.148.83.39` but yours will be different.
private static readonly Uri SyncUrl = new Uri("ws://54.148.83.39:4984:4984");
----
--
====

=== Try it out

* Build and run the project on your platform of choice (UWP, Xamarin iOS or Xamarin Android) 
* Verify that the login screen appears. The screenshot below is from a UWP App. image:https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/uwp_login.png[]
