content/modules/mobile-travel-sample/pages/android/develop/security.adoc, before:

= Security

== User Management

User is created via the Travel sample web app.
When a user is created, a corresponding user profile document is created on Couchbase Server.

=== Try it out (Web App)

* Access the Travel Web App URL in the browser. This URL would be http://localhost:8080 if you installed the web app manually or via docker container. If you used the Cloud install, please access the cloud instance of the web app. 
* Create a new user by entering "demo" as the username and "password" for the password. Make sure the "create new user" checkbox is selected. 
* You should be logged into the web app. There should be nothing created for the user.
+
image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/web_user_signup.gif[]

=== Try it out (Couchbase Server)

* Access the Couchbase Server URL in the browser. This URL would be http://localhost:8091 if you installed the server manually or via docker container. If you used the Cloud install, please access the cloud instance of the server. 
* Log in with Administrator credentials that you set up during the installation of Couchbase Server. 
* Choose "Buckets" in the Navigation pane on the left.
* In the box labelled "Document ID", enter "user::demo" (note: there are two colons).
* You should see the user document that was created when you signed up via the web app. 
* Confirm that the "username" that you see is "demo"
+
image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/cb_user_auth.gif[]

== Access Control

In this lesson you'll be introduced to Sync Gateway, our secure web gateway.

The Couchbase Sync Gateway is an Internet-facing synchronization mechanism that exposes a web interface which provides:

- Data Synchronization and Routing
- Authorization
- Access Control

In this chapter, we will focus on Authorization and Access Control.
We will discuss Data Synchronization and Routing in the xref::java/develop/sync.adoc[Sync] lesson.

In the xref::java/installation/overview.adoc[Installation] guide, we walked you through the steps to launch Sync Gateway with a specific config file.
The Sync Gateway configuration file determines the runtime behavior of Sync Gateway. 

Open the sync-gateway-config-travelsample.json file located at https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/blob/master/sync-gateway-config-travelsample.json. 

The `users` section defines the hardcoded list of users who are granted access. It includes the "demo" user that we created via the Travel Web App in the "User Management" section.
"tester" and "admin" users are also configured.
Note that in a real world app, when a user registers via the web app, the web app would use the Sync Gateway REST API to dynamically create the user.

[source,javascript]
----
"users": {
  "admin": {"password": "password", "admin_channels": ["*"]},
  "demo": {"password": "password"},
  "tester": {"password": "password"}
}
----

The Sync Function in the config file is a JavaScript function which implements the access control logic. The `access` method is used to grant the current user access to specific channel. We will discuss channels in detail in the link:/tutorials/travel-sample/develop/swift#/2/3/0["Sync"] section. For now, it is sufficient to note that documents are associated with channel(s). So access to a document is controlled by controlling the access rights to a channel.


[source,javascript]
----
  // Give user read access to channel
  if (!isDelete()) {
  // Deletion of user document is essentially deletion of user
  access(username,"channel." + username)
}
----

=== Try it out

* Run the following command in your terminal. If you did a cloud based install, please replace `localhost` in the command below with the IP Address of the cloud instance of the Sync Gateway. 
+

[source,bash]
----

curl -X GET http://localhost:4984/travel-sample/
----
* Confirm that you see an "Unauthorized" error from the server 
* Run the following command in yout terminal. The `authorization` header is base64 encoded value of "demo:password". If you did a cloud based install, please replace `localhost` in the command below with the IP Address of the cloud instance of the Sync Gateway. 
+

[source,bash]
----

curl -X GET http://localhost:4984/travel-sample/ -H 'authorization: Basic ZGVtbzpwYXNzd29yZA=='
----
* Confirm that you see the details of the "travel-sample" database and "state" is "online"

Commit message:

Updated security instructions for Android app to describe the sync gateway user creation steps

content/modules/mobile-travel-sample/pages/android/develop/security.adoc, after:

= Security

== User Creation

User is created via the Travel sample web app.
When a user is created, a corresponding user profile document is created on Couchbase Server associated with the user. In addition, the web app automatically registers the user with the Sync Gateway via the Sync Gateway [user admin REST endpoint](https://docs.couchbase.com/sync-gateway/2.7/admin-rest-api.html#/user/post__db___user_). 
NOTE: The Sync Gateway user corresponds to users who are authenticated to replicate with the Sync Gateway and are different from the RBAC users created on Couchbase Server.

=== Try it out (Web App)

* Access the Travel Web App URL in the browser. This URL would be http://localhost:8080 if you installed the web app manually or via docker container. If you used the Cloud install, please access the cloud instance of the web app. 
* Create a new user by entering "demo" as the username and "password" for the password. Click on the "Register"  button
* You should be logged into the web app. There should be nothing created for the user.
+
image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/web_user_signup.gif[]

=== Try it out (Couchbase Server)

* Access the Couchbase Server URL in the browser. This URL would be http://localhost:8091 if you installed the server manually or via docker container. If you used the Cloud install, please access the cloud instance of the server. 
* Log in with Administrator credentials that you set up during the installation of Couchbase Server. 
* Choose "Buckets" in the Navigation pane on the left.
* In the box labelled "Document ID", enter "user::demo" (note: there are two colons).
* You should see the user document that was created when you signed up via the web app. 
* Confirm that the "username" that you see is "demo"
+
image::https://raw.githubusercontent.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/master/content/assets/cb_user_auth.gif[]

* Now look for a document with Id "_sync:user:demo". This is the document that is created by the Sync Gateway when you register the user

=== Access Control
In this lesson you'll be introduced to Sync Gateway, our secure web gateway.

The Couchbase Sync Gateway is an Internet-facing synchronization mechanism that exposes a web interface which provides:

- Data Synchronization and Routing
- Authorization
- Access Control

In this chapter, we will focus on authorization and Access Control.
We will discuss Data Synchronization and Routing in the xref::java/develop/sync.adoc[Sync] lesson.

In the xref::java/installation/overview.adoc[Installation] guide, we walked you through the steps to launch Sync Gateway with a specific config file.
The Sync Gateway configuration file determines the runtime behavior of Sync Gateway. 

Open the sync-gateway-config-travelsample.json file located at https://github.com/couchbaselabs/mobile-travel-sample/blob/master/sync-gateway-config-travelsample.json. 

The `users` section defines the hardcoded list of sync gateway users who are granted access to replicate with the Sync Gateway. Hardcoding list of users is an alternative to creating Sync Gateway users dynamically as discussed in the <<User Creation>> section.  In the config file, we have a hardcoded user named "admin" with password of "password" that is granted access to the "*" channel .

[source,javascript]
----
"users": {
  "admin": {"password": "password", "admin_channels": ["*"]}
}
----

The Sync Function in the config file is a JavaScript function which implements the access control logic. The `access` method is used to grant the current user access to specific channel. We will discuss channels in detail in the link:/tutorials/travel-sample/develop/swift#/2/3/0["Sync"] section. For now, it is sufficient to note that documents are associated with channel(s). So access to a document is controlled by controlling the access rights to a channel.


[source,javascript]
----
  // Give user read access to channel
  if (!isDelete()) {
  // Deletion of user document is essentially deletion of user
  access(username,"channel." + username)
}
----

=== Try it out

* Run the following command in your terminal. If you did a cloud based install, please replace `localhost` in the command below with the IP Address of the cloud instance of the Sync Gateway. 
+

[source,bash]
----

curl -X GET http://localhost:4984/travel-sample/
----
* Confirm that you see an "Unauthorized" error from the server 
* Run the following command in yout terminal. The `authorization` header is base64 encoded value of "demo:password". If you did a cloud based install, please replace `localhost` in the command below with the IP Address of the cloud instance of the Sync Gateway. 
+

[source,bash]
----

curl -X GET http://localhost:4984/travel-sample/ -H 'authorization: Basic ZGVtbzpwYXNzd29yZA=='
----
* Confirm that you see the details of the "travel-sample" database and "state" is "online"
